It's time for another convention.
Yes, that's right, another year has gone by.
Are you ready?
Before you head out, here's a few important reminders
to help make this a safe and enjoyable convention for everyone.
The doors open each morning at 8 a.m.
You won't be able to enter or save seats before this time.
Now, of course, it's always exciting to arrive at the convention
anticipating what spiritual gems await.
But when it's time to...
Whoa!
Maybe we should take another look at that.
As Christians, we're in a race for life, not the front row.
So, don't rush.
It's not a competition.
Ah, much better.
Self-sacrificing spirit is what identifies us as true Christians.
Remember, only save seats for those traveling with you,
living with you,
or studying the Bible with you.
Please keep unsafe seats free of clutter.
That makes it easier for others to see which ones are available.
At each convention site, there is special seating for the elderly and infirm.
This seating is limited,
so only one or two persons providing assistance should accompany these ones.
We always want to show consideration for our dear older ones,
especially when entering and exiting the convention site.
We want to be in our seats well before the musical interlude is about to begin.
The program really starts at 920, when the music begins.
This is an opportunity for each one of us to show appreciation for what has been provided.
Try to be on time.
But if for some reason you do arrive late, please follow the direction of the attendance.
Of course, there are some things you need to think about before even heading to the convention.
Dressing in a modest and appropriate way is how we show appreciation for others and this special occasion.
Wear shoes that are safe and comfortable.
The way we dress and act serves as a good witness,
but even more important, it brings honor and joy to Jehovah.
First Corinthians 1024 says we should seek not our own advantage,
but that of the other person.
At the convention, we can apply that scripture in many ways,
like limiting the use of strong fragrances,
or being mindful not to block the view of others.
Consideration for others is also shown in how we use our electronic devices.
Don't send any unnecessary text messages or emails during the program.
Set them so they won't disturb others.
By the end of the morning sessions, you'll probably be hungry.
So don't forget to bring your own lunch.
Yes, it takes a little planning, but isn't this better?
Remember that glass containers are not permitted in the convention facility.
And don't forget to bring the right size cooler.
Eating a light lunch will help you to stay alert.
Following these guidelines will help you to have more time during the noon break to spend with others.
Will you be staying at a hotel?
Here are a few points to keep in mind.
Hotels have a limited number of luggage cards,
so only take one when you need it and return it immediately for others to use.
Cook only in rooms where it is permitted.
If your hotel offers complimentary breakfast, coffee, or ice,
don't use these provisions to restock your cooler.
Be considerate of the other guests, and only take what you need for your own breakfast.
Parents should keep an eye on their children at all times,
including in the elevators, swimming pools, lobby areas, and exercise rooms.
Even if things at your hotel are less than perfect,
display Christ-like qualities when dealing with the hotel staff.
Never underestimate the power of showing kindness, patience, and reasonableness.
Oh, and one last thing.
If it's the custom where you live, leave a tip for the housekeeper,
and any hotel workers who help with your bag.
They work hard.
Speaking of work, it takes a lot of work to run a convention.
Many hands can make the load life.
Can you help?
If so, report to the volunteer service department at the convention.
Even children under 16 years of age can have a share,
as long as they work under the direction of a parent, guardian, or an approved adult.
Well, the convention will be here before you know it.
And now you're ready.
Get there early so you don't miss a minute of the program,
including the music.
Bring your lunch.
Be mindful of your dress, grooming, and manners at all times.
And have a great convention.